allow for garbage collection algo preference (#40)
Renegade-Master/zomboid-dedicated-server: README.md

| `GAME_VERSION`   | Game version to serve                        | [a-zA-Z0-9_]+     | `public`      |
| `MAP_NAMES`      | Map Names (e.g. North;South)                 | map1;map2;map3    | Muldraugh, KY |
| `MAX_RAM`        | Maximum amount of RAM to be used             | ([0-9]+)m         | 4096m         |

> | `GC_CONFIG`      | Specifices Java GC to use                    | ([0-9]+)m         | ZGC           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `GC_CONFIG`      | Specifices Java GC to use                    | [a-zA-Z0-9_]+     | ZGC           |
```
